May I just say I'm not
one to name drop but,
Ellen's birthday party was the--
I can't remember in my
life having that much fun.
And the truth is--
In your life?
In my life.
Wow.
It was a good party.
And the truth is
people who know me know
that I like to sit at home.
A big night for me is putting
some pine cones on the fire,
watching them crackle.
Having a having a nice book to
read, you know, with the dogs
curled up.
So usually when I say to
friends I'm going to a party.
So I said, you
know, to my friend.
I'm going to a
party, Ava DuVernay,
I said, I'm going
to Ellen's party.
She goes, Oh, I hope it's OK.
I go, yeah, I'm
sure it'll be fine.
And then the next day she
says, how was that party?
I go, the most fun I ever had!
She said, what?
You had fun at a party?
I go, I don't even know
what happened to me.
Yeah.
I don't know what
happened to me.
And I've actually been
trying to figure out
what made it so great.
Was it the location?
Was it the fact that we were
in this sort of velvet Womb
Yeah, the bar.
Was it that?
Portia made a great--
she designed it.
No, my birthday party
last year was at our house
and there was only 100
people and that was insane.
And Bruno Mars ended up
taking over the DJ booth.
And was like you know,
DJ'd until like 2:00
in the morning by himself.
I don't think I was
invited to that one.
You were invited.
I Was
Yeah.
You were invited.
Of course you're always.
Anyway but this party.
OK.
Oh, yeah, we were
shooting "Wrinkle."
That's right.
Yeah, you were you
were not in town.
Yes but this--
I will never miss another one.
Good.
There were a lot
of people there.
Just coming here,
I was thinking,
gosh, I hope Ellen says
you know I'm having
a few people over tonight.
You want to come
over afterwards?
No, what was it that
made it so great?
It was a great energy.
It was a great group of people.
It was a great mix of people.
Yeah.
Did you stay for all
the performances?
I stayed for everything.
What time did you leave?
I left like around midnight.
OK.
I know I saw Reese was gathering
all the people to sing.
And it was a combination
of different people.
That's what makes a great.
But I had one of these
moments, I'm embarrassed.
I said to Matt backstage.
I was embarrassed to even say.
So I don't get out much.
I really don't.
You know I'm a homebody.
So there were so many
famous people at this party.
So when I was doing my
show famous people came on
and they looked like themselves.
Right.
At your party,
they're all disguised.
They are looking like
they normally do.
So this guy passes by and he's
like, I can see that he really,
he said, hey.
How are you doing?
Hey, how are you doing?
You know it's like,
hey how are you doing?
And then he comes back.
He's like, really,
what's going on?
I go, what's going
on with You OK.
So I'm standing there and
talking to The Weeknd.
I didn't know who he was
before because he cut his hair.
And Gail goes, oh, you're
talking to The Weeknd.
Oh, that's The Weeknd?
He cut his hair.
And he's wearing a baseball cap.
So this guy comes back
honest it's a true story.
And so I'm thinking
I know it's somebody.
Who is it?
Is it Justin Timberlake?
I don't think it's
Justin Timberlake.
So The Weeknd says
to him, hey man,
I really love that film you did.
And he says, no that
wasn't a good film for me.
That wasn't my favorite film.
So I go, so what was
your favorite film?
Smart.
So what was your favorite?
He says, The Aviator, and I
go, Leonardo, you're so funny.
Good way to find out.
Leonardo, you funny guy.
I knew that was you.
But this is what was so great.
It was such, what
I thought about it
is, such a great mixture of
different kinds of people.
It's not like when you go
to a Grammy party or film.
All the same kinds of people.
It was a mixture
of different kinds.
It was most fun I ever had.
Yeah.
It was a great-- did you dance?
I danced.
I drank.
I talked to people.
I had the most fun.
I was trying to
replenish what you were--
I thought you were
drinking tequila.
And you said no let
me finish this vodka.
I said, you're going to
switch from vodka to tequila?
Can you do that?
And you said, we'll see.
Yes.
I said, I'm using I'm
using vodka as my baseline.
Starting out that way.
There's just the one
shot, that special vodka,
that special tequila
that you had.
Yeah.
I had it back for you only.
They said Ellen has a
special tequila for you.
I go, I know what you mean.
So I wish you all
could have come.
It was just the most fun.
Next year.
So you know-- I don't
know a lot of celebrities.
You are like the
celebrity that I know.
And Reese.
That's not true.
I don't know, like, people
that I'm texting regularly.
But now I met so many in your
party and I'm texting them.
And now you're texting them?
Yes, I got a lot of numbers.
Oh, good.
I'm so glad I got to hook
you up with celebrities.
I now have celebrity
friends because of you.
Oh, I'm so glad.